Start recording. Okay.
Yup.
Okay. Just going a little mild. Wait, where were we? uh
Yeah, nine 19 is the oldest. How, how old is the youngest?
13. Oh. Yeah.
oh okay
Yeah.
I think, to make it to the camp, you have to have, yeah.
Nice. So...
What did you... What was...
rewarding about that camp. You really seem to enjoy it.
Wait, How... was it cold on the site? No, it wasn't?
Unless, oh, you went during summer,  so you didn't go during winter.
There... Oh... Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
She knows we're just here, right?
Wow, that's amazing.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Wait...
And you did go to another camp during winter time?
Which one? Where was that one?
Oh, okay.
Where? Oh port. Oh.
Wait, so I think it...
Does weather have a lot to do with performance?
Yeah.
Coz
Florida's warm even during winter time, right?
In Long Island.
Was Long Island humid?
Was Long Island humid? Okay.
Not too much?
Okay.
Yeah.
Outdoor? Yeah.
From the humidity? Ohhh...
Is it hard to...
Ohhhh...
Yeah, yeah. wait, was it
What... was Florida even also outdoors?
Uh...
I'm not a big fan of Florida. I don't like the humidity.
It's a little better? Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
Beach in the town, oh nice.
Yeah. Yeah, nice.
Yeah. Did you travel anywhere else last year?
You're staying.
Okay.
Wait, that was Lincoln Song. Right?
Yeah, Oh I remember now. Oh, how was that experience?
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh.
Did you go to like the Whitney Museum?
Oh. Now who was saying that she wanted to go to the Whitney Museum?
Did, Did you... do you like museums?
Okay. this is...
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you like New York City?
Do you like that atmosphere? Okay.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's true.
Oh, okay. Oh, nice nice.
Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Oh.